

RMAA suite is designed for testing quality of analog and digital paths of any 
audio devices, be it a sound card, an MP3 player, a consumer CD/DVD player or an 
acoustic set. The results are obtained by playing and recording test signals 
passed through the tested audio path by means of frequency analysis algorithms. 
A more common mark is also provided for those unfamiliar with measured technical 
parameters. 

[ more ]   



D3DRightMark is an independent non-commercial open-source graphics card 
benchmarking project developed by iXBT.com. It's called to help users estimate 
graphics cards performance and quality in synthetic tests and real apps, e.g. 
games. Synthetic tests allow estimating performance and capabilities of separate 
graphics cards subsystems in order to forecast their behavior in either 
applications, both existing (that is overall estimation of suitability and 
prospects for an entire application range) and developing, provided that a given 
accelerator demonstrates peculiar behavior under such applications.

[ more ]  



RMClock (formerly known as AMD64CLK) is a simple GUI utility designed for 
realtime CPU frequency monitoring and realtime adjustment of the CPU multiplier 
(FID) and voltage level (VID) of the supported CPUs via processor's power 
management model specific registers (MSRs). In auto-management mode it 
continuously monitors the CPU usage level (reported by CPU itself) and adjusts 
the CPU frequency and/or voltage level as required

[ more ]  



RM Gotcha helps CPU and mainboard testers determine CPU clock at any moment. RM 
Gotcha has only this particular purpose and is not a part of any monster suites. 
It's just an 120KB executable that needs no installation. Supports result 
logging. The "Start delay" feature enables users to conduct operations required 
to be done before the clock check. The Check period feature minimizes CPU load 
created by the utility.

[ more ]  



Before this test packet was created there was no proper software for measuring 
vital system parameters such as CPU/Chipset/RAM providing steady and reliable (reproducible) 
test results and allowing for changing test parameters in a wide range. Vital 
low-level system characteristics include latency and real RAM bandwidth, average/minimal 
latency of different cache levels and its associativity, real L1-L2 cache 
bandwidth and TLB levels specs. Besides, these aspects are usually not paid 
sufficient attention in product technical documentation (CPU or chipset). Such 
test suite, which combines a good deal of subsets aimed at measuring objective 
system characteristics, is a must have for estimating crucial objective platform 
parameters.

[ more ]  



The CPU RightMark suite is meant for objective measurement of performance of 
modern and future processors in different computational tasks such as numerical 
modeling of physical processes and solving of 3D graphic problems. It focuses on 
testing the loaded FPU/SIMD units and the CPU/RAM tandem. As a result, we get 
pure CPU performance, an objective parameter obtained without the influence of 
other subsystems, like video and disc systems, except the memory one. It allows 
us to compare the true performance of different processors irrespective of a 
type of other system components. It's obtained by dealing only with the CPU and 
measuring the CPU time spent for execution of computational tasks.

[ more ]  





© 2002-2007, RightMark Gathering. All rights reserved.
Design by Explosion
